and what you did and what you've done in the past.
Okay, why did you join the Secret Service? What got
you interested in it?
I would go out.
Yeah. What was your father doing? The county
official.
to get myself involved in the...
Yeah,
it really was. OK, now that you're in Dallas, what
are you doing mainly with the Secret Service? Are
you doing a lot of working with the bodyguards, or
are you working more for the Treasury side of it?
See, I don't do very much investigation really
anymore, do you? Besides into the counterfeiting
part of it. Oh, we have investigations of a lot of it
this week.
Washington,
we are quite aware of all threats that come in
against all protections.
What has been your, what was like your biggest
security problem that you've had, like that
you've faced? Yeah.
Then
we went out to take a service off our squad and hire a
few more agents. More specifically, in the area of
intelligence gathering. And by doing that, then
we have to have a law enforcement agency.
How do y'all handle something like the incident
with Sarah Jane Moore?
I mean...
Okay, you're talking about how you had to build up
the force after the Kennedy assassination, but
also with all the protests and stuff like that
around the Vietnam War, just people rising up
against establishment, youth revolts. Did y'all
have any problems with that? Did y'all have to
build up your forces because of that?
Place it down. Now, base it.
Were you with Nixon or anything when you had a lot of
protests and marches and stuff like that?
We always do.
Were they, could you tell what the people, or who
the students were? They're always talking about,
you hear a lot about like the SDS and stuff, but were
there, could you really tell if there was many of
those, or if it was just mainly just, you know, the
college students not liking, you know, what
America was doing and stuff? We had, we would
always have the SDS.
Were there any particular universities or areas
in the U.S. that caused more problems than others
did? Believe it or not,
Okay, just a little bit about the Watergate. I know
you can't say much about it, but when the news first
came out about the break-in, what was the reaction
in the White House?
All right.
and everything went on, did it change? I mean, did
it seem like it was getting a little bit more, you
could tell it was more hitting home? Well, I guess
so, because then everybody's
We'll move on.
Not really. He left.
to
China. And you can see that he did have . So as far as
our end of the
OK. OK.
You've been with a lot of different kind of
officials and stuff like that, and ones coming in
from other countries. And have there been any
customs or something like that for someone from
another country that's kind of caused a problem or
anything for you, security-wise?
Well, I guess not that there's any problems, you
find.
It
takes
the commitment of five agents in order just to fill
one spot on a protective detail around the clock.
And of course, we do that on the 21-hour basis. So
it's kind of difficult, like we call it. One time,
we had called an assignment for a protectee that
was en route to New York. She was on the airplane, so
we had a couple of months together to do that. But as
far as problems, I guess that we have not had.
and he happened to pass away in the hotel room
and...
I know besides doing bodyguard work and stuff like
that, you work with the Treasury and catching
counterfeiting. Is there a big problem with
people passing counterfeit money and stuff in the
U.S.? Well, at times, at times it's a problem. But
we, I think, I don't have any stats in front of me,
but I do remember from fiscal year 1980 that we
seized $55.3
They ought
to build a dime store or grocery store for a packet
of cigarettes in pockets of change, not for 15
years in jail. So they try to sell all of that.
They're setting a billion dollars in the whack,
and they'll sell it for 23 cents on the dollar,
whatever they can get, depending on the quality,
what they can work with. There is no honor for the
thieves.
I'd
say a lot of it, yes. There's a lot of money that's
counterfeited every year, but
I bought $90
for the groceries. $10 back, you know, it's like
you've got all that money. Yeah.
That is tough. That's usually how it hurts. What is
the most common way people are doing it? Is it
printing of money, or is it like the raised bills,
or what? Well, the raised note, that's taking
quarters off the patient on a 5, 10, or a 20.
and
we've had
a lot of people arrested for a lot of burglaries and
rapes and murders who don't think there's
anything wrong with that unless they get caught
doing it. But the same people feel that anyone
counterfeiting our currency is definitely a
violation. That's un-American, non-patriotic.
Are there very many areas, is there any particular
area in the United States that poses or that
Where you have a lot of people, where you have a lot
of counterfeits.
We
know it's a brand new bill, and we can tell that by
our computers in Washington and our counterfeit
divisions because we then judge that bill on its
characteristics. And it's like a painting. All
the flaws are in that bill we can identify. And the
process of counterfeiting money is done on an
offset printing machine, so the same flaws are
going to repeat themselves. They
can't change the serial number, so that's
not an identifying characteristic as far as
determining the counterfeit bill. So, if we have a
brand new $50 counterfeit bill passed in Dallas,
we can check our books and the computers and we can
find out exactly if that bill has been passed
anywhere else in the United States, where, and if
the plant has been seen, that means the machines,
the paper, the paint, any arrests, etc.
million
dollars
for it when I sold it all to this guy. And we seized
$900,000. We know that there's some money still
out and this may be part of it. And that way we can
determine what's happened in that area because it
is possible for the counterfeit note to be carried
by an innocent person for three or four months or
months and passed innocently. And by knowing the
origin of most of our bills, we can determine
whether that might have been an innocent
We had a case
here one time where a brand new $50 note was passed,
counterfeit, and the guy who passed at the liquor
store said, I just got that in El Paso, and I must
have got it at the grocery store or something, and
he convinced us, and he was probably telling the
judge, even though we knew that he was not, because
it was the first time that bill had ever been passed
based on what the landlord had told him. So we let
him go about his business, but we put a tail on him,
and we tailed him for three months. Later on,
another bill was passed,
So we were able to put four or five passes to get
through that middle, and we finally, long story
short, rested him in place.
You're talking about the raise note bills and
stuff that kids do or lots of young people do. Do
they usually get away with that? Do a lot of people
not tell? Well, it's very easy because
value.
You take a
quarter off of any
denomination and it'll still pass 100%. But you
take that quarter and put it on a patient on a $1
bill, let's say of a 20, two 20s, and turn it over,
fold it in half, and pass it to a cashier at a busy
checkout spot, fast food or grocery store. It's
going to feel like genuine currency because
But if it's been a sloppily job pasting, obviously
you can see Scott's tape, but a lot of times you
probably see money that's been Scott's tape back.
Yeah. But one who looks at you, but in other words,
George Washington belongs on, the portrait
belongs on one dollar bill.
Probation for the reaction time.